filter-sidebar: Create component and pattern (#1146)
steelthreads/agds-next: packages/react/src/filter-sidebar/docs/overview.mdx

---
title: Filter sidebar

> description: Used for filtering options in catalogue pages.

Reviewer: I think the current component description could be improved. Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
description: Filter sidebar is used for displaying filtering options in a search result or catalogue page.
```

group: Layout
storybookPath: /story/layout-filtersidebar--full
unreleased: true
---

Filter sidebar is used in catalogue or search results pages to contain filtering options for a list of Cards.

> The FilterSidebar collapses on mobile devices, and displays a number of active filter options in the header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Filter sidebar collapses on mobile devices, and displays a number of active filter options in the header.
```
